README.md, before:

# Collection of learning projects

## App React-7

#### Ideas:

- [ ] for server use express-generator
- [ ] no create-react-app, set up everything myself
- [ ] try client-side (react) tests
- [ ] use glamorous

#### Goal & Results:

Set up react myself (no create-react-app). Same CRUD app as before. Use styled-components again.

## App React-6

- [ ] React (with hooks)
- [ ] React-redux (with hooks)
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Yup
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] Server-side Mocha tests for all end-points

#### Goal & Results:

The same, but with more hooks (react and react-redux).

## App React-5

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React (with hooks)
- [ ] React-redux
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Yup
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] Server-side Mocha tests for all end-points

#### Goal & Results:

Multi-page app with basic CRUD functionality. This time with Mocha test (test-driven development) and staggered animation for the list of items.

## App React-4

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React
- [ ] React-redux
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo

#### Goal:

Multi-page app with basic CRUD functionality.

...

## App EJS-8

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Basic journalling app - as simple as possible.

...

## App React-3

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React
- [ ] React-redux
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo

#### Goal:

Multi-page ecommerce app with basic CRUD functionality.

...

## App EJS-7

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Multi-page basic ecommerce app, CRUD, Mongoose, Atlas DB, class-based server, modular routes and controllers layout.

## App React-2

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React
- [ ] React Context

#### Goal:

Build a basic ecommerce page. Use React Context to update prices
in different components when currency is selected via Currency Selector.

## App React-1

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React

#### Goal:

Build an order-your-meal page with multiple interlinked components.

## App EJS-6

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Multi-page app, CRUD, Mongoose, Atlas DB, class-based server, modular routes and controllers layout.

## App EJS-5

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Basic full-stack web app with extensive use of Mongoose.

## App EJS-4

## App EJS-3

## App EJS-2

## App EJS-1

Commit message:

Add App-react-8 details to the readme

README.md, after:

# Collection of learning projects

## App React-8

#### Ideas:

- [ ] save files to the server
- [ ] display images saved to the server

#### Result:

File itself is saved to the server and its path is saved to the database. This way I hit database for the path and use it display the image saved on the server.

## App React-7

#### Ideas:

- [ ] for server use express-generator
- [ ] no create-react-app, set up everything myself
- [ ] try client-side (react) tests
- [ ] use glamorous

#### Goal & Results:

Set up react myself (no create-react-app). Same CRUD app as before. Use styled-components again.

## App React-6

- [ ] React (with hooks)
- [ ] React-redux (with hooks)
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Yup
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] Server-side Mocha tests for all end-points

#### Goal & Results:

The same, but with more hooks (react and react-redux).

## App React-5

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React (with hooks)
- [ ] React-redux
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Yup
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] Server-side Mocha tests for all end-points

#### Goal & Results:

Multi-page app with basic CRUD functionality. This time with Mocha test (test-driven development) and staggered animation for the list of items.

## App React-4

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React
- [ ] React-redux
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo

#### Goal:

Multi-page app with basic CRUD functionality.

...

## App EJS-8

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Basic journalling app - as simple as possible.

...

## App React-3

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React
- [ ] React-redux
- [ ] Redux-saga
- [ ] React-router
- [ ] Formik
- [ ] Axios
- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo

#### Goal:

Multi-page ecommerce app with basic CRUD functionality.

...

## App EJS-7

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Multi-page basic ecommerce app, CRUD, Mongoose, Atlas DB, class-based server, modular routes and controllers layout.

## App React-2

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React
- [ ] React Context

#### Goal:

Build a basic ecommerce page. Use React Context to update prices
in different components when currency is selected via Currency Selector.

## App React-1

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] React

#### Goal:

Build an order-your-meal page with multiple interlinked components.

## App EJS-6

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Multi-page app, CRUD, Mongoose, Atlas DB, class-based server, modular routes and controllers layout.

## App EJS-5

#### Tech Stack:

- [ ] Node
- [ ] Mongo
- [ ] EJS

#### Goal:

Basic full-stack web app with extensive use of Mongoose.

## App EJS-4

## App EJS-3

## App EJS-2

## App EJS-1
